Issue617 refactor service (#622)
ibpsa/project1-boptest: service/README.md

# BOPTEST-Service

This software extends [BOPTEST](https://github.com/ibpsa/project1-boptest) to a web service architecture, which enables support for multiple clients and multiple simultaneous tests at a large scale. This is a containerized design that can be deployed on a personal computer, however the software is targeted at commercial cloud computing environments such as AWS. For details about BOPTEST, refer to the project [homepage](https://boptest.net).

> The canonical BOPTEST source code is incorporated into this repository as a git subtree located at `<project-root>/boptest` and used under the terms of the license located at `<project-root>/boptest/license.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service uses the canonical BOPTEST source code located at the root of this repository under the terms of the license located at `<project-root>/boptest/license.md.
```

| Select a test case from the namespace and begin a new test. (Auth optional)                                                 | POST ``testcases/{namespace}/{testcase_name}/select``      |
| Select a private user test case and begin a new test. (Auth required)                                                       | POST ``users/{username}/testcases/{testcase_name}/select`` |
| Get test status as `Running` or `Queued`                                                                                    | GET ``status/{testid}``                                    |
| Stop a queued or running test.                                                                                              | PUT ``stop/{testid}``                                      |
| List tests for a user. (Auth required)                                                                                      | GET ``users/{username}/tests``                             |

The family of the `select` APIs are used to choose a test case and begin a running test. Select returns a `testid` which is required by all APIs that interact with the test or provide test information.

> # OpenAI Gym Interface

Author: Done in https://github.com/ibpsa/project1-boptest/pull/622/commits/bdb6322ef5cc22624a7ba676f07bb566b018aefc.
